feat: Add information about 1.20.5 changes to internals to nms guide (#373)
PaperMC/docs: docs/paper/dev/misc/internal-code.mdx

include the version. For example, `org.bukkit.craftbukkit.v1_20_R2.CraftServer` is the full class and package name
for the CraftServer class in version 1.20.2. You can access these classes easily with some reflection utilities.

:::warning[Removal of relocation in 1.20.5]

> As of 1.20.5 Paper removed the relocation of the CraftBukkit package into a versioned package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 1.20.5, Paper removed the relocation of the CraftBukkit package into a versioned package.
```

> As of 1.20.5, Paper removed the relocation of the CraftBukkit package into a versioned package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of 1.20.5, the versioned relocation of the CraftBukkit package was removed.
```

> This means that CraftBukkit packages will now always be located in `org.bukkit.craftbukkit` and no longer in `org.bukkit.craftbukkit.<version>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CraftBukkit packages are now located in `org.bukkit.craftbukkit` and not in `org.bukkit.craftbukkit.<version>`.
```

Author: addressed your requests. I just added an "and" to connect both sentences.

### Mojang-Mapped Servers

:::info[Mojang-mapped runtime as of 1.20.5]

As of 1.20.5, Paper ships with a Mojang-mapped runtime instead of reobfuscating the server to Spigot mappings.

> For more information, see [here](./project-setup#Plugin-remapping) and [here](./userdev#1205).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, see [plugin-remapping](./project-setup#Plugin-remapping) and [userdev](./userdev#1205).
```

Just an idea

Author: altered the sentences a bit.

> For more information, see the [plugin remapping](./project-setup#plugin-remapping) section and [userdev](./userdev#1205) documentation covering these changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Plugin remapping](./project-setup#plugin-remapping) section and [userdev](./userdev#1205) documentation covering these changes.
```

:::danger[Parsing the version]

> Parsing the version from the package name of classes is no longer possible as of 1.20.5 as Paper stopped relocating the CraftBukkit package. See [here](#reflection) for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Parsing the version from the package name of classes is no longer possible as of 1.20.5 as Paper stopped relocating the CraftBukkit package. See [reflection](#reflection) for more information.
```

Also just an idea

> Parsing the version from the package name of classes is no longer possible as of 1.20.5 as Paper stopped relocating the CraftBukkit package. See the [reflection](#reflection) section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parsing the version from the package name of classes is no longer possible as of 1.20.5 as Paper stopped relocating the CraftBukkit package. See the [Reflection](#reflection) section for more information.
```

Author: why exactly just here.

Reviewer: it's the name of the section

Author: eh, its not really done at other places either.
